# Changelog

Changelog for `cargo-odra`.

## [0.0.10] - 2023-12-13

### Fixed
- Fixed error that caused the template for odra 0.8.0 being downloaded for earlier
versions of odra.

## [0.0.9] - 2023-07-19

### Added
- `generate` command validates if the module is already added to `lib.rs`.

## [0.0.8] - 2023-06-26

### Added
- Autocompletion.

### Changed
- Simplified wasm build process.
- Better dependencies management for the `builder`.

## [0.0.7] - 2023-05-22

### Added
- Support for Odra from crates.io. 

## [0.0.6] - 2023-05-22
### Added
- `--contract-name` filter for `build` command.
- `--source` for `new` and `init` commands replacing `--branch`
- Support for workspaces.

## [0.0.5] - 2022-12-14
### Added
- `test` command can skip build using `--skip-build` flag. 

## [0.0.4] - 2022-11-10
### Removed
- `backend` command is no logner needed.
- `gherkin` tests.

### Changed
- `generate` command doesn't override files anymore. It fails instead.
- `generate` uses hardcoded code instead of `flipper.rs` from Github.
- `Odra.toml` is now simpler. It doesn't have `name` anymore. `name` from
`Cargo.toml` is used. A contract definition no longer needs `path` field.
List of contract is no longer.
- Codebase is now lib based. It has `lib.rs` and the main bin is in `bin/cargo_odra.rs`.
- Error to use `thiserror`.
- Most of the file system functions is now in `commands.rs`.
- `just` replaced `make`.

### Added
- `paths.rs` for all paths releated operations.
- `template.rs` for code generation releated operations.
- `cli.rs` for `clap` code.
- `rustfmt.toml` with formatting rules.
- `init` and `new` can specify `git-branch` parameter.

## [0.0.3] - 2022-09-04
### Added
- new options - `--verbose` and `--quiet`, which will be passed to cargo commands.

### Changed
- Error handling, now each error has its own exit code.

## [0.0.2] - 2022-08-12
### Added
- `update` command.
- `backend list` command.
- Building a backend will now check if wasm target is installed.

### Changed
- `backend add` command now does not require `name` parameter - `package`
will be used as name by default.
- `test` command now passes arguments supplied after `--` to cargo test 
without the need to type `-a`.

### Fixed
- `Unsupported dependency for backend` message that showed up on some
configurations - thanks to **jrojek** from Odra.dev Discord for pointing
this out.

## [0.0.1] - 2022-08-09
### Added
- `init` and `new` commands.
- `backend` command to manage backends with subcommands `add` and `remove`.
- `test` command with possibility to run tests against OdraVM and dedicated backend VM.
- `clean` command which removes temporary files generated by cargo-odra.
- `generate` command which can generate a new sample contract, ready to run and test.
- `CHANGELOG.md` and `README.md` files.
